Project goals November update (#1440)
rust-lang/blog.rust-lang.org: posts/2025-12-04-project-goals-nov-update.md

</div>
</div>

* Amanda's EuroRust talk on polonius from last month is also now [available on YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uCN_LRcswts&feature=youtu.be).
* Implementation work continues, mostly on a branch. Major developments include a new debugger which has accelerated progress. There are about 70 test failures left to be analyzed.

<div style="display: flex;" class="mt2 mb3">
    <div style="flex: auto;"><a href='https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-project-goals/issues/119'><strong>Stabilize cargo-script</strong></a></div>
    <div style="flex: initial;"><progress value="27" max="35"></progress>
</div>
</div>

* rust-lang/cargo#14670 and rust-lang/cargo#14749 have been posted and merged.
* rust-lang/cargo#14792 has been posted.

<div style="display: flex;" class="mt2 mb3">
    <div style="flex: auto;"><a href='https://github.com/rust-lang/rust-project-goals/issues/121'><strong>Stabilize parallel front end</strong></a></div>
    <div style="flex: initial;"><progress value="1" max="3"></progress>
</div>
</div>

* Still in the process of determining the cause of the deadlock through local testing and compiler code analysis.

> * **Help wanted:** Help test the deadlock code in the [issue list](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/WG-compiler-parallel) and try to reproduce the issue.

Reviewer: Maybe this should be plural, there seem to be quite a few reported deadlocks unfortunately.

Author: ```suggestion
* Still in the process of determining the cause of the deadlock through local testing and compiler code analysis.
* **Help wanted:** Try to reproduce deadlocks described in the [issue list](https://github.com/rust-lang/rust/labels/WG-compiler-parallel).
```
